---
layout: note
content_type: post
title: May 2023 Update
date: 2023-06-15
original_post_path: _posts/2023-06-15-may-2023-update.html
permalink: /2023/06/15/may-2023-update/
last_modified_at: 2026-04-24 14:18:25
---
Total passive income for Month of May 2023: \$1,875.15  
Total money invested so far: \$16,272  
Total passive income for 2022: \$3,318.62 total   
Monthly rate of return: 11.52%   
Yearly cumulative rate of return: 20.39%

<a href="https://share.transistor.fm/s/82812b05"
class="button primary"><span>Listen Here</span></a>

Welcome to the My Bonus Money podcast, where I discuss how educators can
make side hustle money. Today, I'll report on my passive income for May
2023 and share my new investment strategy using tips from
mybonusoptions.com.  
  
In May 2023, I earned \$1,875.15 in passive income with a total
investment of \$16,272 so far this year. My monthly rate of return was
11.52%, while my yearly return reached 20.39%.  
  
My current strategy involves following trade ideas provided by
mybonusoptions.com to better understand investing and improve results.
Not every tip works out as expected but learning is the goal here.  
  
For example, I tried an **[AMC long put trade
idea](https://www.mybonusoptions.com/trade-ideas/amc1683551710)** which
you can find in the show notes for this episode (not financial advice).
The concept behind this strategy is creating a long put on AMC with a
\$6 strike price to potentially profit from a decrease in stock price
while managing risk through setting stop losses.  
  
After purchasing and later selling the options contract at different
prices (\$1.01 when bought; \$1.14 when sold), I achieved a return of
12.87% on the investment despite some losses along the way.  
  
To learn more about these strategies or try them yourself with paper
trading before committing real funds, visit mybonusoptions.com/blog
(delayed by seven days) or subscribe for real-time access at just \$50
per month.  
  
If you want to start investing with only \$200 and learn more about
generating bonus money, download our free course at mybonusmoney.com.  
  
Please remember that nothing shared in this podcast should be considered
financial advice—consult professionals for guidance tailored
specifically to your situation.  
  
Go to **[mybonusmoney.com/start](https://mybonusmoney.com/start)** to
download the FREE course teaching you how you can do this too. 
