---
layout: page
title: Instructional Coaches Mastermind
categories: []
tags: []
status: publish
type: page
published: true
meta: {}
---

 

# Who’s coaching the coaches?






















  


#Instructional Coaches Mastermind is now Closed!


## The place for coaches to get the support they need from other coaches around the country as they struggle through this crazy time we are living in.




##If you’re interested in joining, fill out the form below.

























##Informational Webinar: How To Coach During Disruptive Times.

























[Register for the Free Webinar](https://jethro.webinarninja.com/live-webinars/528030/register)

During this crazy time, instructional coaching has focused less on instruction and more on compliance. Learn how to make your coaching better adding 9 new pl...    


Very few people know how to do remote/distance/hybrid/safety-focused education well. Some of us have worked in remote schools already, while some of our coaches became coaches because they were so good in the classroom. 

Some coaches have support, while others are struggling under an incredible burden.

But who’s helping them out? Who is helping them to navigate this new coaching and classroom model we find ourselves in? Who’s helping them get better? Who’s making sure your coach can collaborate with people around the world and can help them be their best? 

You might have an instructional coach who is just starting out in this new education model. 

Or, you may have a coach that had a system of coaching conversations, coaching cycles, and data meetings that made sense in the former educational model, but struggling a bit now to find ways to support your teachers in getting better and positively impact their students’ learning.

I’m sure you’ve done A LOT to support teachers this year. Extra trainings. Buying books. More PD. 

Many districts gave additional PD at the 
beginning of the year, which was great then, but things have changed and will continue to change! 

What coaches really need to thrive in these crazy times is 
**consistent support**
.

Here’s what you’ll see when coaches have the support they need: 

*has support from others.


*is regularly coached.


*has a network where the coach finds the best resources available.


*not only solves problems, but helps others solve their problems as well.


*reads.


*knows one’s strengths.


*creates and implements a coaching system that demonstrates results.


*gets knowledge, insight, and wisdom from people who are coaches like him or her.

The COVID cohort of Coaches Mastermind is provides all those things listed above. 

This isn’t a one-and-done training. It’s all about continual support over the long haul to support coaches. 

Coaches who join this program will get the best PD available, because it will always be attuned to exactly what they need, when they need it. 

##What coaches get: 


Biweekly meetings with other coaches focusing on their problems in the moment. 

*Books to read as a team


*Private voxer and Facebook groups


*Private Google Drive Folder with tons of resources at no additional cost. 


*1:1 coaching sessions needed to dig deeper into specific challenges. 

#Pricing


Just $97/month.

##Purchase Orders are accepted! Just fill out the form below!
























  

  





























Name
              
                
*
          
                
                
First Name
                
Last Name
            

            

            

            

            

            

        

          

          

            

            

            

            

            
              
Email
              
                
*
            

            

            

            

            

            

            

            

            

            

            

            

            

            

            

        

          

          

            

            

            
              
Subject
              
                
*
          
                
Purchase Order
            

            

            

            

            

            

            

            

            

            

            

            

            

            

            

            

            

        

          

          

            

            

            

            
              
Message
              
                
*
          
                
Please include your school name and address, accounts payable email address if applicable, and the name of your coach(es).

      

      

      
      

      

      
      
Thank you!



#Bonuses


The first 15 coaches who join get a Gallup Strengthsfinder Top 5 assessment for them and their principal!



#Testimonials

























>We call this my “Inspiration group” because I always leave feeling inspired - Ayisha Robinson






















 


>“It’s so good to talk about Instruction again, and not only about COVID procedures.” - Erika Johnson






















 


>“**WOW!**
 While other leaders are mired down in technical decisions of change like masks and temperature checks (which will be necessary considerations for schools that will, in all likelihood, change over time), I’m leaving this workshop with a workable vision and clear on focus three essentials which is going to be key for agile leadership during this upcoming school year.” Donna - Pennsylvania






















 
