---
layout: page
title: SchoolX
categories: []
tags: []
status: publish
type: page
published: true
meta: {}
last_modified_at: 2024-12-19 00:26:59
---







[Loading...](https://jethrojones.gumroad.com/l/schoolx)


#Order your Copy today


[Save 25% here with the discount code SCHOOLX25](https://us.johncattbookshop.com/collections/frontpage/products/schoolx-how-principals-can-design-a-transformative-school-experience-for-students-teachers-parents-and-themselves)

[Order on Amazon](https://amzn.to/2CvTXQT)




















  
  
























  
  



>“The evidence is clear. The learning experiences happening at a school are highly correlated with the effectiveness of the school’s principal. In SchoolX, Jones outlines a highly impactful, human-centered design model to support principals in becoming the leader they want to be, and the role model their students and staff so desperately need.
”

  
— Thomas C. Murray - Director of Innovation, Future Ready Schools





















  
  



>“As a veteran classroom teacher, I appreciate Jethro’s all encompassed focus on the teacher, student, and parent experience taking place each day inside the classroom. His work gracefully weaves theory and practice, equipping school leaders with tangible next steps to enhance the school experience for all stakeholders.
”

  
— Mitch Weathers - Founder at Organized Binder, Inc.





















  
  



>“The phrase ‘school transformation’ has never felt more attainable. Jethro Jones has done something I have not seen before...he’s illuminated the link between design thinking and the principalship in ridiculously helpful terms. SchoolX is the path to improving how all stakeholders experience your school.  
”

  
— Dr. Brad Gustafson - Award-winning principal and author





















  
  



>“In SchoolX, Jethro Jones masterfully frames the school experience from multiple perspectives and provides valuable suggestions on how to collectively transform schools. Now, more than ever, we need innovative school leaders that have the capacity to listen, learn and lead real change in our schools and SchoolX is the perfect guide to achieve those goals in a wholistic approach to school improvement.
”

  
— Dr. Greg Goins - Director of Educational Leadership at Georgetown College (KY) and Host of the Reimagine Schools Podcast





















  
  



>“This hands-on and actionable book is bound together with many real-world examples and practical advice from numerous experts in the field of education. Jethro’s writing style helps you feel more like you are sitting down with him in your local coffee shop than you are turning pages in a book.
”

  
— Jon Harper - Assistant Principal





















  
  



>“The job of a principal is constantly changing and the pressures are evolving. SchoolX takes you through practical ways to transform any school to make it better for students, parents, and the community. Jones has examined many different facets of leadership and the transformation process, while explaining them to the readers so they can implement tomorrow. SchoolX will help new and seasoned leaders grow exponentially. 
”

  
— Ryan Sheehy - Educator?Author/Speaker
 
