---
last_modified_at: 2024-12-05 06:28:19
permalink: coach
description: Jethro Jones helps people overcome their saboteurs through utilizing Positive Intelligence Coaching.
title: Eliminate Stress and Improve Relationships in Just 10 Seconds
image: 
sitemap: "true"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
category: 
tags:
  - 16personalities
  - pq
  - coaching
layout: page
date: 2023-05-01
---
layout: post

---
### One Operating System, Many Applications

Through factor analysis, we’ve discovered the core operating system of the mind that can run a massive variety of work and life applications. One simple operating system, many applications.

### A Platform for Ongoing Growth

Similar to physical fitness, mental fitness is not a short-term training. After the initial six week foundation, unlock a variety of work and life applications to continue your growth.

### Research-Based, Measurable Results

Our research has included more than a million participants from around the globe. Our tools have been field-tested with thousands of tough-minded participants, ensuring their efficacy.

## FAQ
-   ### Is this the right program for me?
    
    This is the right program for you if you are a) committed to improving your performance and effectiveness dramatically while reducing stress, b) looking for a science-based and trusted system to make it stick, and c) willing to put in the initial effort to rewire years of mental habits that don’t serve you.
    
-   ### Aren't negative emotions sometimes helpful?
    
    Some people believe that negative emotions are helpful. For example, they think stress gives them their performance edge, or beating themselves or others up is helpful for continual improvement.
    
    Feeling pain for a split second when your hand touches a hot stove is indeed useful, delivering an important alert. But your Saboteurs keep your hand on the hot stove, continuing to feel negative emotions which harm both performance and happiness.
    
    In this program we learn to use negative emotions as a helpful alert, and then quickly shift to the positive region of the brain that has the calm clarity, objectivity, and creativity to handle the challenge most effectively.
    
-   ### How much time and effort is required
    
    You’d be committing to watching a one-hour video once per week and doing a combined total of 15 minutes per day of practice guided by the Positive Intelligence app exclusively designed for this program.
    
    This might sound like a lot of time. In fact, cumulatively, it constitutes less than 2% of your awake time for the duration of the program. Please consider that your Saboteurs are costing you far more than 2% of your time, effort, energy, and productivity. Consider how much more than 2% of time and productivity this six-weeks investment will save for years to come.
    
-   ### How is this different from reading the book?
    
    You’d never learn to ride a bicycle by reading a book about it. You’ll be asked to read the first eight chapters of the book while participating in the program. The book provides the research foundation and introduces the tools. The video session guides you through experiential exercises that help you personalize the tools to your own personality and needs. And the app coaches you to practice one tool at a time in the context of your own daily work and life challenges.
    
-   ### Should we participate as a team?
    
    Even though the focus of the program is individual development, team leaders often call this experience the best team building experience they have ever had. Going through this program together significantly deepens trust, helps clear the air related to recurrent team member conflicts since they’re mostly generated by Saboteurs, and gives the entire team a common framework for helping each other grow, making decisions, responding to setbacks, and managing conflicting styles and agendas.
    
-   ### What if I have a question that is not answered here?
    
    Email jethro@transformativeprincipal.com with subject line ‘PQ Question’.
    

## Want to start your Mental Fitness journey with me?

Here’s what you’ll get:

-   Foundation program in the Positive Intelligence® (PQ®) App, to install the PQ Operating System
    
-   Weekly coaching sessions in a group.
    
-   And more!

## Past clients have said..

> *Working through PQ with Jethro Jones has been powerful. I was able to have difficult conversations with my family that usually left one of us in tears.* 
> 
> —Margaret

### If your Hyper-rational Saboteur needs a boost before clicking for your consultation, check out these resources:

<iframe width="100%" height="180" frameborder="no" scrolling="no" seamless src="https://share.transistor.fm/e/709d74e3"></iframe>

<iframe width="100%" height="180" frameborder="no" scrolling="no" seamless src="https://share.transistor.fm/e/d704d69e"></iframe>

<iframe width="100%" height="180" frameborder="no" scrolling="no" seamless src="https://share.transistor.fm/e/812cbfc0"></iframe>

<iframe width="100%" height="180" frameborder="no" scrolling="no" seamless src="https://share.transistor.fm/e/34f5ffd1"></iframe>

## **Book your FREE Saboteur Discovery Session Today**

Imagine yourself able to remain calm, clear headed, stress-free, and positive even in the midst of handling work and life’s greatest challenges. What becomes possible for you, in achievement, in peace of mind and wellness, and in your relationships?

Make a commitment now to boost your mental fitness. [Book your FREE discovery session today](https://cal.com/jethrojones/sds)

  
